Mingming gently
It makes me feel more like that woman from five years ago
But why is it Hosiah who has the pre-order?
Could he be hiding something?
Why are you pulling my hair out?
Have white hair
Where is the white hair?
I'm only 23 years old, how can I have white hair?
Please help me take a look and unplug it for me.
No more, just this one.
I guess I'm tired during this time.
I'll buy you some tonic later to replenish it well.
If I'm tired, I'll be tossed and tired by you
I'm tired.
Then your stamina needs to be improved?
I haven't eaten yet
Stop talking, don't you still have to work?
Just go.
OK, then you can sleep a little longer.
I'll ask you about breakfast later.
Then I'll bring you lunch
Nothing today anyway
OK
With this hair
Go and do a paternity test with Kojima
It's light
Ok swallow
Xiaobao
Xiaobao Xiaobao
The limiting result is out, right?
OK
Xiaobao is indeed my child
What compensation do you want?
Mr. Wan, as I said, I don't want any compensation.
I just want to give Xiaobao a complete home
Dad, why don't you marry mom?
After marrying my mother
Our family of three can be together forever